>> Marcy Sutton: So some debugging steps.
These are the general steps that I
take when I'm auditing a web page for
accessibility, if I'm doing a test.
Maybe I'm evaluating a pattern library, or
some sort of third party tool
that I'm considering using.
I render it in a web browser.
So looking at raw HTML
source code is cool.
But you want to see how CSS and JavaScript
could impact that markup in the browser.
Cuz you only have so much time to test,
that's a good place to start.
I test the controls with the keyboard and
by controls, I mean interactive things.
Like buttons, links, inputs, text areas.
Not every element on the page
needs to be interactive.
And we'll touch on that a little later.
But the interactive things,
like if I'm using my mouse on it and
I can't reach it from the keyboard,
that would be an issue.
I use accessibility web extensions like
AXE and the Accessibility Insights
because it can highlight a lot
of low-hanging fruit issues.
That if you're catching those,
you probably have major problems for
accessibility.
You can't catch everything with those but
it's a really good kinda smoke test to
figure out the health of an accessibility
tool or an accessible webpage.
Color contrast is something that I check.
That is far and away the number one
accessibility problem on the web,
is color contrast.
Not being impactful enough,
small font size and low contrast.
Testing with screen readers, I would save
this like for those of us who aren't super
proficient and screen readers,
you're not using them daily.
It's really good to pair with
someone who does use them daily,
get some user testing and we'll talk
about that a little more later to.
But I do fire up a screen reader,
at least to do some basic testing.
And I've got some cheat sheets in the
applications and a little bit later on.
And we'll do some screen reader
testing a little bit later.
So those are valuable tools.
Cuz sometimes you can just get an answer,
is it working or not?
Even if you don't know all
of the keyboard shortcuts.
And then lastly, magnification and zoom.
This is a big one,
because there's a lot of low vision
users like way more than blind users.
And so zooming in to see what's,
sometimes you're holding your phone like
really close because you can
see it if it's close to you.
So zooming way in, we wanna make sure
that we're not breaking layouts and
making a really horrendous experience.
So those are kind of
the basic steps that I take